So I never thought about living a good life with me.
You just want to use me for revenge, don't you?
William Chan
What do you think you are
You deserve me too
Hit me and I'll wake you up
I really want to open your head
Look what garbage is in it
Chen Wenqing, this is my good man
I will do everything for you
You've been playing with his feelings
So what?
He is willing to pay for me, that's his stupid
Well, it doesn't matter now.
Anyway, I can answer it for you.
This thing is here
That's the situation.
How is that possible?
I'm willing to hear you call because I love you
That doesn't make me a fool.
This luxury is important to my sister-in-law
I know best
So the one I handed over was just Fergo Chan
You lied to me.